conversation E. Right, we have to talk about the menu for the end of turn party. Have
you got any suggestions? Well, I think since there are going to be about
a hundred people there, it's going to be much easier if we just serve finger food.
What do you mean, sandwiches? That doesn't seem much for a party.
No, we can serve much more than sandwiches. Things like meat, cheese, pieces of fruit,
even chicken wings. I know. Why don't we cook outside? It's probably going to be a
fine evening, so it'll be nice to be cooking and eating outside. Yes, let's cook
chicken legs and wings and sausages. Good idea. And we can serve those with
hot potatoes and salad. But you can't eat hot potatoes or salad with your hands.
No, we'll need knives and forks. Right, so we're not just having finger food then.
No, I really think it would be better to let people use knives and forks and have more food.
Okay, that's decided then. Now, let's discuss the music. We could invite the
school pop group to play. Yes, that would be great. They're very popular. Their
music will be good for a party. We need music with a good beat.